Welcome back to another video on loaders.
In the last video we were able to successfully use this SS loaders.
We also saw the concepts of modules in CCS.
Now let's take it more further and explore how to be using ESC SS loaders.
So CCS, as I mentioned earlier, is a thesis preprocessor.
So in that case, let's see what kind of appropriate loaders we want to be using and what configuration
changes are required.
So I'm just going to be copying and pasting the excess loader so that we not have to again create those
estimate and JavaScript files.
So just take control C and paste it back right here.
So we have default created.
I'm going to be renaming this as number four as the SS loaders.
Okay.
So we have that created.
Let's open it up.
And just to give a recap on what was happening, I can just open my sources, view the index dada stimulus
theory wheel and find it.
And let's double click this.
And this was exactly what was happening.
So when we clicked on it, we were getting a list.
Okay, let's change things a bit.
So in this, we are going to be just renaming this CSV file to SC SS.
So for example, let's make this as a CCS and similar thing can be done for the index.
Start the SS as well.
So let's make this as as he says.
Okay, the next thing that I need to be fixing are my imports.
So if I go to my index dot, yes, we can see that we are importing this.
He says that's I did that to the Xs.
Same thing can be done for the clear button dot.
Yes.
Okay.
So all of this is done.
Now, if I just go to my root location, so that is my previous folder.
So we can go to the location as.
For CSC, as has Laura and Les, Randy and Beam Run Build.
So I would say NPM, run, build.
Okay.
Things seems to be still working fine even though we have renamed devices.
So if I just check out my browser and we do see that things are working fine.
Now what if I add some Excel specific functionalities?
So for example, if we go to declare bartender diseases, I'm going to be using the concept of variables.
So I'll declare a variable here.
Let's call this as button color and let's define the color as red and also used as button color right
here.
So I'll say button color.
Okay.
Nothing.
A lot of it does change, but let's go ahead and build it once again.
Now, if I go back to my browser and say Refresh, we can see that we have lost the property that was
applied earlier.
Now, this is because I was the lawyer does not really understand how to be dealing with this variables.
So for that reason, we need to be installing a couple of dependencies.
So there are two dependencies that we have to be installing.
So let's go ahead and do that.
I'm going to be seeing as NPM install dash, dash, save dev.
And the first one is going to be our loader.
So that is SD as S dash loader.
And we also need to be installing SRS directly.
So that is SC assess the core library that's going to be used.
So let's have both of those things installed, you.
Let's give it a second and we are done.
All right.
The next step, as you can assume, is going to be making the changes in our back file.
So let's head over to all the pack config dodgers.
And in this, let's see what needs to be changed.
Let me just make this shorter.
And we are going to be defining another rule here.
So we have already defined one rule how to be dealing with this cases.
Let's just copy that and paste it here.
And in this, we are going to be making appropriate changes.
So the first thing that we need to be changing is the test condition.
So we are no longer testing for just cases, but instead x's.
So I'll just put here as s.
And as you might be knowing that we can be writing our extension as both SPSS and SPSS.
So we need to be handling both of those condition.
So for that, I can put up a square bracket here and we can make it as as easy.
SS.
So what this is, is the file might be as s SS or SC ss one of these two.
What's there in the brackets?
Okay, so that's done.
Now we need to also be using the loader now fighting the load.
I'm just going to be adding another object here.
Define the loader.
So the loader that we had just installed, that was a SS loader.
And that's that's pretty much it, actually.
Now, what happens here, as we had learned in the previous chapter, the loaders executed from bottom
to top.
So as the SS loader, then this CSIS loader and this guy loader, so SS is loaded, knows how to be
dealing with all the import statements here and converting this into the planes.
SS Which is going to be dealt by this SS loader.
Then finally the style loader comes in and takes all those pieces and puts it in the index storage HTML
file.
Okay.
So that's all the configuration that's required.
Let's see if I'm right by just running the and being run weld and being run buried.
Okay.
Now this error is basically the way we have configured our regular expressions in our back file.
So let what do to show you what exactly is happening here.
We are trying to be using the x loader along with the x loader.
And in here we have put up the irregular expression as Slash Garcia says.
Now, let me try to show you exactly what's happening here.
I'm going to be copying up this regular expression.
And let's navigate to our website for checking this regular expression so that it rejects.
Ah.
Dot com.
Now in here, I'm going to be pasting up that regular expression that we had.
Let's clear off all this list and let's suppose our filing was index dot SCC.
Now if I have this particular file, you can see that is highlighted in blue and it says that it's a
match.
Well, that's because it is still matching all the characters over here.
Now, to be making it explicit, to be matching exactly this format here, we need to be making some
changes in our regular expressions.
So I'm going to putting up here as Slash.
That's the opposite Slash.
And then after the dot, we are going to be seeing that we need to be matching exactly.
CCIS.
Now if you can see here, it does not match this particular file name.
So I'm just going to be copying this entire.
Let's come back to our we are scored and put our regular expression right here.
All right.
So I just missed a couple of things.
So we need to be putting this as well.
So that's all the change that's required to fix this particular.
So let's try to remove this and try to run our build once again.
And this time you can see that our bill was, in fact, successful.
Now, if I go back to my browser, let's go to the page that has our application running and refresh
it, and we can see that things work as expected.
Now, the benefit of doing this particular way is you can be supporting both users as well as the Xs
format.
So for example, if I go to my index dot access file, I can just come here and rename this to success,
fix our import statement as well, save the file, clear the console and try to run the build once again.
And things should work as expected.
So as you can see, things are still applied.
Now this particular file which has the index tasks, is using the local and we have the red color from
the access file.
So that's pretty cool.
As you can see, we're using two types of style formats in a single application.
So that's all about loading these styles in Webpack.
For now, we are going to be seeing some more advanced use cases in which you are going to be splitting
the thesis files.
So as you can see, for example, right now, we do not have a different file for us to use as we have
all our cases injected into our actual page.
And that's not the best strategy.
So we are fixing all of this later on, but for now we are very happy with both our thesis annexes files
loading in the browser.
All right.
Let's take a short break and continue on with the other loaders.